.TH PIUS 1 "DECEMBER 2016"
.SH NAME
pius \- PGP Individual UID Signer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pius
.RI [ options ]
.B \-s
.RI < signer-keyid >
.RI < keyid >
[
.RI < keyid >
\& ... ]
.br
.B pius
.RI [ options ]
.B \-A \-r
.RI < keyring-path >
.B \-s
.RI < signer-keyid >
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pius
is a tool for individually signing all of the UIDs on a set of keys,
and emailing an encrypted copy of each such signature to the email
address associated with that UID.
.PP
As a result of this process, the recipient can choose which signatures
to import. Also, signatures of inactive uids are not delivered. This
tool greatly reduces time and error when signing keys.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP \fB\-\-version\fP
show program's version number and exit
.IP "\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP"
show this help message and exit
.IP "\fB\-A\fP, \fB\-\-all\-keys\fP"
Sign all keys on the keyring. Requires \fB\-r\fP.
.IP "\fB\-d\fP, \fB\-\-debug\fP"
Enable debugging output.
.IP "\fB\-b\fP \fIPATH\fP, \fB\-\-gpg\-path=\fP\fIPATH\fP"
Path to gpg binary. [default: \fI/usr/bin/gpg2\fP]
.IP "\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-encrypt\-outfiles\fP"
Encrypt output files with respective keys.
.IP "\fB\-H\fP \fIHOSTNAME\fP, \fB\-\-mail\-host=\fP\fIHOSTNAME\fP"
Hostname of SMTP server. [default: \fIlocalhost\fP]
.IP "\fB\-I\fP, \fB\-\-import\fP"
Also import the unsigned keys from the keyring into the default keyring. Ignored if \fB\-r\fP is not specified, or if it's the same as the default keyring.
.IP "\fB\-m\fP \fIFROM\-EMAIL\fP, \fB\-\-mail=\fP\fIFROM\-EMAIL\fP"
Email the encrypted, signed keys to the respective email addresses using \fIFROM\-EMAIL\fP as the sender. See also \fB\-H\fP and \fB\-P\fP.
.IP "\fB\-M\fP \fIFILE\fP, \fB\-\-mail\-text=\fP\fIFILE\fP"
Use the text in \fIFILE\fP as the body of email when sending out emails instead of the default text. To see the default text use \fB\-\-print\-default\-email\fP. Requires \fB\-m\fP.
.IP "\fB\-N\fP, \fB\-\-no\-sort\-keyring\fP"
Do not sort the keyring by name.
.IP "\fB\-n\fP \fITO\-EMAIL\fP, \fB\-\-override\-email=\fP\fITO\-EMAIL\fP"
Rather than send to the user, send to this address. Mostly useful for debugging.
.IP "\fB\-o\fP \fIOUTPUT\-DIR\fP, \fB\-\-out\-dir=\fP\fIOUTPUT\-DIR\fP"
Directory to put signed keys in. [default: \fI/tmp/pius_out\fP]
.IP "\fB\-O\fP, \fB\-\-no\-pgp\-mime\fP"
Do not use PGP/Mime when sending email.
.IP "\fB\-P\fP \fIPORT\fP, \fB\-\-mail\-port=\fP\fIPORT\fP"
\fIPort\fP of SMTP server. [default: 587]
.IP "\fB\-r\fP \fIKEYRING\fP, \fB\-\-keyring=\fP\fIKEYRING\fP"
The keyring to use. Be sure to specify full or relative path. Just a filename will cause GPG to assume relative to \fI~/.gnupg\fP. [default: \fI~/.gnupg/pubring.gpg\fP]
.IP "\fB\-s\fP \fISIGNER\-KEYID\fP, \fB\-\-signer=\fP\fISIGNER\-KEYID\fP"
The keyid to sign with (required).
.IP "\fB\-f\fP \fIKEYID\fP, \fB\-\-force\-signer=\fP\fIKEYID\fP"
Force GnuPG to use this exact keyid to sign (do not guess subkey)
.IP "\fB\-S\fP, \fB\-\-no\-mail\-tls\fP"
Do not use STARTTLS when talking to the SMTP server.
.IP "\fB\-t\fP \fITEMP\-DIR\fP, \fB\-\-tmp\-dir=\fP\fITEMP\-DIR\fP"
Directory to put temporary stuff in. [default: \fI/tmp/pius_tmp\fP]
.IP "\fB\-T\fP, \fB\-\-print\-default\-email\fP"
Print the default email.
.IP "\fB\-u\fP \fIUSER\fP, \fB\-\-mail\-user=\fP\fIUSER\fP"
Authenticate to the SMTP server with username \fIUSER\fP. You will be prompted for the password.
.IP "\fB\-U\fP \fIPOLICY\-URL\fP, \fB\-\-policy\-url=\fP\fIPOLICY\-URL\fP"
Policy URL to include in each signature.
.IP "\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-verbose\fP"
Be more verbose.
.SH AUTHOR
PIUS was written by Phil Dibowitz <phil@ipom.com>
.PP
This manual page was written by Luke Cycon <lcycon@gmail.com> and Felix Lechner <felix.lechner@gmail.com>
for the Debian project, but may be used by others.
