.TH PIUS\-KEYRING\-MGR 1 "DECEMBER 2016"
.SH NAME
pius\-keyring\-mgr \- PIUS (PGP Individual UID Signer) Keyring Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pius\-keyring\-mgr
.RI < mode >
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pius\-keyring\-mgr
has several modes to manage keyrings. It was designed for signing
parties, but can be used for any PGP keyring. The \fImode\fP
must be the first argument, with options as explained below.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-d\fP, \fB\-\-debug\fP"
Enable debugging output.
.IP "\fB\-g\fP \fIPATH\fP, \fB\-\-gpg\-path=\fP\fIPATH\fP"
Path to gpg binary. [default: \fI/usr/bin/gpg2\fP]
.IP "\fB\-r\fP \fIKEYRING\fP, \fB\-\-keyring=\fP\fIKEYRING\fP"
Use this keyring.
.IP "\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-verbose\fP"
Print summaries.
.SH MODES
The \fBbuild\fP mode is used most of the time. It can parse a CSV file,
automatically look for keys, and email anyone whose key was not
be found. This mode can also import keys from an mbox file. The options are:
.IP "\fB\-b\fP \fIMBOX\-FILE\fP, \fB\-\-mbox\-file=\fP\fIMBOX\-FILE\fP"
Parse \fIMBOX\-FILE\fP and examine each message for PGP fingerprints
or ascii-armored keys. Decodes messages as necessary.
.IP "\fB\-c\fP \fICSV\-FILE\fP, \fB\-\-csv\-file=\fP\fICSV\-FILE\fP"
Parse \fIMBOX\-FILE\fP and import keys. You will almost certainly also
want -D, -E, -F and -N.
.IP "\fB\-D\fP \fIDELIMITER\fP, \fB\-\-delimiter=\fP\fIDELIMITER\fP"
Field delimiter to use when parsing CSV. Only meaningful with -c.
[default: ',']
.IP "\fB\-E\fP \fIEMAIL\-COLUMN\fP, \fB\-\-email\-field=\fP\fIEMAIL\-COLUMN\fP"
Column number with the email address in the CSV file. Only meaningful with -c.
[default: 3]
.IP "\fB\-F\fP \fIFINGERPRINT\-COLUMN\fP, \fB\-\-fp\-field=\fP\fIFINGERPRINT\-COLUMN\fP"
Column number with the GPG fingerprint in the CSV file. Only meaningful with -c.
[default: 4]
.IP "\fB\-m\fP \fIFROM\-EMAIL\fP, \fB\-\-mail=\fP\fIFROM\-EMAIL\fP"
Email people whose keys were not located, using \fIFROM\-EMAIL\fP as sender.
.IP "\fB\-M\fP \fIFILE\fP, \fB\-\-mail\-text=\fP\fIFILE\fP"
Use the text in FILE as the body of email when sending emails instead
of the default text. To see the default text use --print-default-email.
Requires -m.
.IP "\fB\-N\fP \fINAME\-COLUMN\fP, \fB\-\-name\-field=\fP\fINAME\-COLUMN\fP"
Column number with the name in the CSV file.
Only meaningful with -c. [default: 2]
.IP "\fB\-n\fP \fITO\-EMAIL\fP, \fB\-\-override\-email=\fP\fITO\-EMAIL\fP"
Rather than send to the user, send to this address. Mostly useful for debugging.
.IP "\fB\-p\fP \fIPARTY-NAME\fP, \fB\-\-party=\fP\fIPARTY-NAME\fP"
The name of the party. Will be printed in the email sent out.
Only useful with -m.
.IP "\fB\-s\fP \fIKEY\-SERVER\fP, \fB\-\-keyservers=\fP\fIKEY\-SERVER\fP"
Try this keyserver. Specify once for each server (-s foo -s bar).
[default: pool.sks-keyservers.net, pgp.mit.edu, keys.gnupg.net]
.IP "\fB\-t\fP \fITEMP\-DIR\fP, \fB\-\-tmp\-dir=\fP\fITEMP\-DIR\fP"
Directory to put temporary stuff in. [default: \fI/tmp/pius_keyring_mgr_tmp\fP]
.IP "\fB\-T\fP, \fB\-\-print\-default\-email\fP"
Print the default email.
.IP "\fB\-\-ignore-emails=\fP\fIIGNORE\-EMAILS\fP"
Comma-separated list of emails to ignore (no spaces).
.IP "\fB\-\-ignore-fingerprints=\fP\fIIGNORE-FINGERPRINTS\fP"
Comma-separated list of PGP fingerprints to ignore (no spaces).
.PP
The \fBprune\fP mode opens a keyring and, for each key, asks to remove it.
Useful after a party to trim a keyring of people who didn't show, and
before distributing the keyring to those who went. There are no options.
.PP
The \fBraw\fP mode passes options directly to gpg. Useful when adding
keys by hand. Your options are added to those those necessary to work
on the party keyring safely. (It does not load your personal keyring.)
Your options must be passed after '\-\-' to prevent
pius\-keyring\-manager from interpreting them as its own.
.SH EXAMPLES
Scan a CSV file and an MBOX for emails and write to anyone whose key was not
found, using you@company.com as sender:
.PP
.nf
/usr/bin/pius\-keyring\-mgr build \-\-csv\-file /tmp/report \-\-mbox\-file
/tmp/mbox \-\-mail you@company.com
.fi
.PP
Download a key and add it to the party keyring:
.PP
.nf
pius\-keyring\-mgr raw \-r path/to/keyring.gpg \-\- \-\-recv\-key <keyid>
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
PIUS was written by Phil Dibowitz <phil@ipom.com>
.PP
This manual page was written by Felix Lechner <felix.lechner@gmail.com>
for the Debian project, but may be used by others.
